1. Create NumPy arrays from Python Data Structures, Intrinsic NumPy objects and Random  
Functions. 
2. Manipulation of NumPy arrays- Indexing, Slicing, Reshaping, Joining and Splitting. 
3. Computation on NumPy arrays using Universal Functions and Mathematical methods. 
4. Import a CSV file and perform various Statistical and Comparison operations on     
rows/columns.  
5. Load an image file and do crop and flip operation using NumPy Indexing. 
6. Write a program to compute summary statistics such as mean, median, mode, standard  
deviation and variance of the given different types of data. 
7. Create Pandas Series and Data Frame from various inputs. 
8. Import any CSV file to Pandas Data Frame and perform the following:  
(a) Visualize the first and last 10 records  
(b) Get the shape, index and column details. 
(c) Select/Delete the records(rows)/columns based on conditions.  
(d) Perform ranking and sorting operations.  
(e) Do required statistical operations on the given columns.  
(f) Find the count and uniqueness of the given categorical values.  
(g) Rename single/multiple columns.  
9. Import any CSV file to Pandas DataFrame and perform the following: 
(a) Handle missing data by detecting and dropping/ filling missing values.  
(b) Transform data using apply() and map() method.  
(c) Detect and filter outliers.  
(d) Perform Vectorized String operations on Pandas Series.  
(e) Visualize data using Line Plots, Bar Plots, Histograms, Density Plots and Scatter  
Plots. 
10. Write a program to demonstrate Linear Regression analysis with residual plots on a given  
data set 
11. Write a program to implement the Naïve Bayesian classifier for a sample training data set  
stored as a .CSV file. Compute the accuracy of the classifier, considering few test data sets. 
12. Write a program to implement k-Nearest Neighbour algorithm to classify the iris data set.  
Print both correct and wrong predictions using Python ML library classes. 
13. Write a program to implement k-Means clustering algorithm to cluster the set of data stored  
in .CSV file. Compare the results of various “k” values for the quality of clustering.
